cool okay hello everybody and welcome to
the Jay s core dev weekly sink
it's November the 19th 2018 it's nice to
see your faces
how are you're doing yes rad good cook
please put your name on to the list of
attendees Jacob has volunteered to be
note-taker thank you already what should
we do let's do what we always do and do
a round of updates of what you've done
what you've done this week and what
you're blocked on and what you're gonna
do next week let's start with Jacob
would you like to give us your update
yeah so last week on Friday we released
the PTO 24 that includes our custom
content pure writing support including
delegated routing with PDP switchover as
a state machine that also exposes a new
dial up the send method so you can get a
connection state machines for better
control of individual connections we
also have stability and error handling
improvements for that there was an issue
with circuit relay where circuit relay
wasn't listening last so cods to
addresses to be wrong particularly if
you were using a TCP wildcard IP address
it wouldn't the period for your circuit
wouldn't bind to your your auto
addresses so that's fixed now so we
should see better improvements once
everything's upgraded to that also
submitted PR to GSI PFS so we can get
that into the next release also fix some
issues with switch which is in the Lib
p2p release and then some multiplexer
support fixes as well I also started the
J asleep p2p daemon and we'll continue
that this week and I am out Thursday and
Friday
Cindy buddy have questions
Oh Thank You Jacob let's move on to
Volker so I found a bug about slow
transfer speed that I've already
discovered like half a year ago but now
actually spend some time on performance
work I thought I felt bad about it and
and then yeah finally and the IPL D team
has a beauty reading and management
repository so you can check it out
it contains all the the in from the LG
arms like it's a famous for IKEA Vespa v
Billy so we finally basically spawn out
being our own or own organization so
that's pretty cool and yeah I looked
into the IPL dapi it's because we want
to do change the API a bit in this
corner or at least a view of it and
especially in the context of graph sync
because I like to find out like if we
would have graphs already one with the
IPAs API speed like and then we can just
yeah um update everything in sync
basically to make everything great and
then I also found out doing the Beauty
meeting that on zoom the gallery view
doesn't work in the live stream if you
are on Linux this was foreign one our
chat with the zoom support true that
they can confirm there's the back so
yeah we'll see how this works out and
I'm not done anything and I will do
further work on the iPod the API improv
some stuff yeah that's it
any questions for VOCA just like week
one so now with the new IPL desync does
it mean if i build the team will focus
on that sync up like leave this one or
will you continue to be part of this one
for the Giants parts
and so I like as so I so ice but that I
and this will be part of both because
yeah I need to sync with other people
and so I don't see anything changing so
yeah got it so I'll guess we were just
like see how it goes and see which
duplicate information there is probably
not that much one thing that you
mentioned was you found a bug that were
sitting performance if I heard correctly
one thing that I saw on the dynamic data
and queries working group update was
that they found that the way that we
smash index TV it's kind of like
problematic for performance reasons just
like drags down any kind of like
operation or like when you are like
doing a CREP thing because as so many
rights that they kind of like vogue
sound into our application and so one
thing that I don't know if these like
falls into responsibility or I feel be
people JSI back because people or both I
think it's both one thing to look at is
how interface artists are works in what
things we can think there to make things
faster like carrying occasionally or
whatever something good to look at but
but I just wanted to think it's to this
group give it a few mention performance
and I feel these storing objects its
other question okay thank you
let show you move on to vodka you know
so last week I fixed review of balance
regarding the rotten or factor for I
pianist and Jessica Fest then Steven
made to fix for the interrupt problem in
pub so I did the same for the Jeff site
but I need as you need to test you for
using both fixes it solves our problem
or not then I was also implementing the
openness over DHT implementation it's
almost ready for great
a whip PR because people from dynamic
data went to start using it so I'll
create a PR hopefully today Jan in the
h3 stance tests and test bed for the HD
I had a talk with John ESA I asked some
feedback about what should I read to
understand what should be good test for
the this DHD stress testing test but
recommended me some papers I already
read them and I also had a sinkhole with
Jacob and Cole about the test that
unfortunately I didn't have time to
create tests but I will look at it this
week generally I also did lots of
reviews for the lipitor pre-release and
the fix today back in the NCI for Jessup
FS so for this week I want to fix some
issues that David reported in the
serviceworker gateway and then continue
the I penis over the HTTP are says the
Ibanez over cops have interrupt with
fixes that we made and continue also the
working the stress test for the nature
any questions for me
okay if there's no calf questions let's
move on to let's move on to me hi
cool so files API is being reflected a
little bit to move the to move the well
basically move the files API to the root
of the new space you just do ipfs dot
add don't get ifs not cat rather than
ipfs dot files don't add seeing as it is
ipfs with files and stuff we privilege
the file we're going to be privileged in
the file methods so there's there's a
refactor for this and we're moving the
regular files stuff to the root first
and that we eventually followed by the
MFF stuff so there was a PR for that in
interface I've got a score which I
looked at changed fixed up and merged
and I did the same thing for J so BFS
API I also reviewed emerged Alex's
changes for IPO d-doug PB so Dec nodes
and pro buff tag nodes no longer have a
multi hash property or a CID property so
that was a PR interface has called
merged and and released and the same for
J so FS API the next step for that is
the the kind of fallout from that is
that the object API is a whole bunch
less useful because it essentially just
returns you back the data you gave it in
because nothing has a CID anymore so
what the next step of that is is to make
a breaking change to the object API to
return C IDs instead of instead of dag
nodes and then you can get your node if
you want to get your data back again but
it's more useful to know the CID and
then well you should really be using the
dag API anyway but this is an interim
thing and it's um the the idea with this
changes that it will make reads of of
these particular types of nodes a whole
lot faster because we don't have to
actually do the hashing of the of the
data when we read it out of the
datastore again so that's all
it so any weight that is reviewed
emerged then okay so these two things
are kind of fighting each other a little
bit so the files like you're a fighter
and the those egg PB changes I had to
request pull requests open but they are
sort of affecting they are because of
dependencies they I've kind of merged
them into one mega P pull request and we
can and that's currently running through
CI right now but I think we can get that
mad most pretty soon for JSI PFF say
okay so then what else was I doing so I
was working on the CI a CID base PR
still I've added all of the HTTP API
tests that I wanted to add I just need
to add core core interface tests which
there are fewer of to do but that
shouldn't take long now
I reviewed vasco's a pianist reading
logic refactor so that's pulling out the
routing logic to from from the IPA and s
module so that you can use different
methods of doing IP NS resolves so
either by pub/sub or by DHT and
re-enabled right so last week I told you
about the lazy load the IPO D formats
that the now you're now able to lazy
load them and this was just finishing
off that work by re-enabling it in Jes
ipfs I've create the issue for the 0:34
release because there's now a lot of lot
of things that are breaking they're
going to go in it and plant and I also
spent an hour in nearly two hours with
before share doing some pair programming
and it was it was rad fun and you should
all do it I recommend it cool so I'm
kind of I'm kind of blocked on the the
objects API breaking change that I
mentioned returning CID it's like at the
moment we've got a version like we've
got Jes IVFs API which will return a dag
node without a CID and I draw
not do a breaking change release with
that in it and then do another one
immediately after which changes the CI
it changes it to return see IDs so I I'm
sort of soft blocked on on being able to
released yes I've give sa p I with
without basic I can't
I don't wouldn't don't want to do to
breaking releases to change the same API
so I'd rather not do that next week I
need to add in the add from URL so in
with with the files IP IRA factor that I
mentioned there are a few API methods
from that ia used to be in the utils
object of Jess ipfs API that have been
moved up to the root namespace and they
aren't add from a stream add from FS
file system and add from a URL and they
have become part of the interface IP
fest core so they need to be implemented
in Jess ipfs as well so I'm probably
going to take much of the code that's
already in JSI PFS API and put it over
and then finish off my CID base option
PR by adding the core interface tests
for that and if I have time I would like
to write some interrupt tests to
continue that work and allow us to put
with a particular CID version and get it
back from our repo using a different
version of the CID so that's me
any questions probably are better off
like checking just a beef SEO I killed
for like ad for my vests then the one
named Jeff s API to the coin Flannery
because the client library is kind of
like just forming all the files into a
multi-part stream which is not what you
want what you want is just like grab all
the files and create the stream that
just a diva score expects but
that's a little uptight we don't one of
the exciting things seems that if things
align we might see another really spike
in of the months early December
something like that with all these
features yeah make all the things faster
yes
all right and you have questions all
right I see blank faces is a good moving
on
Hugo hi guys so last week I was able to
finish the work on on the IBF 50 CTL
basically now all the three
implementations are normalized behave
same to me was much easier to work with
also it's more about two dependencies on
a face was we had some problems about
having the WebRTC stuff in and out and
being pure dependencies or optional
dependencies and drinking is failing to
be old stuff with O's but hopefully that
will we figured out fixed a problem with
the if it's not working on on the latest
version and that basically was about
locking the repo the public wes is
already on my PFS repo should be ready
to merge as it's already was reviewed by
jake replaced so i just need to move
that to my PFS and it should start
working again there was a most recent
version also ever work in progress both
requests about reducing the fantasize on
CTL still neither the other one the
first one the 308 to be merged to finish
this one
also the public we're studying the
renovate I don't know anymore everyone
knows about it I already talked see her
about it
it's like going keeper but with filters
I request only with like one pattern so
we can start small and test if it works
like we expected
twork what do I need to someone with
permissions to activate the renovate
service on EFS ripple so we can test it
I also updated the github CI a config
and added some docs according to the
feedback Allen gave about it oh yeah and
also started working on he stinky
traitors and the damp like slave just
like at the beginning of its doing some
research making sure I know what I'm
doing I'm locked on yeah on the unit
config on CTL this is basically the GS
part is done but we need to like go to
the go team - like implement the same
argument on their CLI or we probably
just can decide to implement it only on
our way and ever issue open so we can
follow it up with the go team I don't
know if that's an option but it might
take a while to get the go team to spend
some time remaining this on their side
also the circle c---eight stuff is kind
of I don't know pause because the four
teams not giving any feedback on that
stuff not in their own PR not to me
because I am waiting like three weeks
for the machines to finish the developer
type so we can like
two versions so cozy I envy bye bye
neighbor one can just give feedback and
choose with which one is best so I left
a comment in both public words so making
me a better world to anything they
didn't they need to make this happen
because I think we all agree that we
need to move away from Jenkins either to
a circle CIO it alive say or whatever
just something that works and it's
improved our flow so that's about it and
this week I want you to fall upon still
pending requests continue the
asynchronous work and the bundle sighs
work and also scouring the mid terminal
cos any questions I just have a
technical point because like this is
designed to be is super quick fast
update call thank you so much for
everyone and that's like shared update
so far like it's very useful to have
like comprehensive update but I get some
time like the team it's kind of growing
and so we have to go to everyone's
updates one one thing I want to give you
a confidence about it's like rest
assured like if you put something on the
blog please we follow up like if you put
something like if it's like getting Cir
give me something to get back to you
like whatever it is like seriously like
going through the notes like it's like
me and others you know point by point
and make sure that you get the answers
you need so you're just talking to my
lights let's say like I blog because
three weeks are fast and I haven't
received a response from this enough and
so I try to like for the people that
like will share their plate after I try
to compact as much as possible share
what you have done she'll want is in
progress share what your blocked and
share what you're putting it and then we
can like dig into the issues that you
linked to like to earn more sounds good
cool all right shall we continue
sorry I'm guilty of that as well I just
can't stop talking anyone anyone more
questions for Hugo quickly okay red
let's move on to Alex hello
so lots of stuff I'll try and not talk
about all of it
so I split the UNIX FS engine into
imports and exports of modules which is
really cool because now the smaller more
focused I went to town on the exporter
because it's the easy one so he's an
in-memory I peeled the annotation OCP
first course and dependencies you know
added extra tests for shardene which
weren't there crazy anyway so there I
just went through and tied it all up to
the same thing for a bunch of old MF s
issues yeah so changed I peeled D to
return us the idea when you use IP you
don't get and there's a path which is
cool yeah I've changed exporter to stop
talking out looking the interesting
thing is directory sharding so is I've
deployed to change the ipad2 remotely be
to remove the hashing stuff to NP on my
PFS and is great it got really fast not
fast they got faster we're still slow
alright so thinking why is it so slow
and then looking at the new patterns and
nothing we're instantiating the loads
and loads of diagnose them as a why we
Dana and it's probably because of
directory sharding and it's not in MF s
now David said a while ago
make sure you enabled are actually
sharding so I was like cool we had a
problem and passed the options into the
importer but Emma Fest has a whole bunch
of like custom tag manipulations and
Nana was
sharding away so I'm making that
sharding aware as quickly as I possibly
can so that's going to be me for the
next couple of days and it's kind of
like retrospectively
shard directories it encounters they're
getting big so over time these things
should get faster as well that's gonna
be me for the next couple of days and
hopefully then we'll be able to use an
idea first for everything
any questions I'm great Abed I'll just
say that while you are edit if you can
like factor out the age
the model module outside you will make
Michael very happy because then you can
access that module and if you can even
make it agnostic to use that PP or like
Lexi bar like you will make that appeal
he can even more happy so just let in
mind so from the home but the deal and
you have a quick question for Alex okay
what are we go so this is over Alex the
your name space has been overloaded
thank you for sharing your your update
here would you like to talk this Rick
Lee broke up when
the name out there was it me it's your
name yes Lee okay cool because there's
Alex went anyway yeah I well first got
another project a little bit went
through all the material I made a I
started the document kind of describing
what it is that we're trying to do I
shared it and I'm not sure if that's the
right way to share documents in ipfs
just please tell me if there's a better
other way it's a Google Doc now so
basically working away with together
with Ron on getting benchmarks to run
locally in a kind of a developer type
setup and also on a remote host to
eliminate pollution from other processes
and right now I'm integrating some of
the tests that Ron made kind of aligning
the things that we did and moving on
from there any questions
you
no no questions it would be cool to
catch up I guess at some point maybe
this week and we can yeah that was my
kind of my list of things to schedule so
yeah yeah that would be awesome and then
maybe you can take us free what what
what you done and now that we're at yeah
cool yeah I could
so then hang on so next
matera would you like today Oh more or
less like to work together with both
Alex and Ron on reviewing code and
discussing that piece of architecture
that Alex has done so mostly code
reviews and reviewing things not much
not much activity really I plan to do
more this week though okay cool and then
finally finally not finally
penultimately Ron so we started working
on the tests right new tests for for the
adding a file using UNIX FS engine so
I'm taking kind of like the performance
that was currently out there you guys
there looks like a small file and large
brow so I'm using the same files so
doing them in an empty repo to start
with and then also populate and reco in
doing this thing this thing ads against
the small large file then results for
that also added the get so reading from
the local repo same files and just
putting the test on that nothing blocky
and just working with Alex on just that
you know the output stream I kind of
kind of have an initial version now for
gonna probably have to change it look at
this week so I'm working on hardening
Matt and then also let's go see sounds
let's see
so ok we're writing yeah writing results
to the output directory and also a
testing in a write test against multiple
peers this week and also review the
browser test
yeah that's about it sounds really
exciting any real quick questions cuz we
over time already I just have one quick
question on he was yeah first I was
talking about the changes they to
importer and exporter on the UNIX FS is
when you guys talk about is that like
how far away is it like what brain is it
going to master when it's done or is it
then I guess when do I see those changes
when I'm you know if I'm gonna pull
something those changes being done well
that there are changes in most right now
[Music]
yeah there'll be a new release of a huge
toll to it might be me okay so yeah
there's gonna be a never released fairly
soonish but I would I'd expect it
to be at the end of the month maybe a
little bit into December and that's that
will probably have most of the stuff
that Alex is talking about now all right
cool we are over time so we could an
update from Travis but I don't see him
yeah I guess okay cool
so read that in your own time one final
thing to say is if you haven't already
done your ok are scoring further
mid-quarter then please do that thank
you all for joining us and it's been
really nice to have to have the new
phone guys also joining but they're up
days here as well that was very nice
surprise so thank you and let's we'll
offline scheduler cool cool thank you
very much everybody and we'll see you
next week goodbye